{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs60 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 GABC Missions Kiosk\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf2 \strokec2 Privacy Policy\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\
The GABC Missions Kiosk app is a Free app for use solely by Green Acres Baptist Church to highlight missions work around the world. This application is provided as-is, with no guarantee of support or compatibility with hardware and software other than was initially specified in the project.\
\
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my application.\
\
If you choose to use this application, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. No Personal Information is collected. Any usage or error logging information collected is used solely for providing and improving the application. The developer will not use or share any collected information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa40\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw5
\strokec2 Information Collection and Use\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\strokec2 \
No information that can identify you will be collected, stored, shared or transmitted for any reason. The application does not use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa40\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw5
\strokec2 Log Data\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\strokec2 \
Whenever you use this application, Log Data related to errors and usage may be collected (possibly through third party products or services). This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (\'93IP\'94) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my application, the time and date of your use of the application, and other statistics.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa40\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw5
\strokec2 Cookies\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\strokec2 \
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.\
\
This application does not use these \'93cookies\'94 explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use \'93cookies\'94 to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this application.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa40\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw5
\strokec2 Links to Other Sites\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\strokec2 \
This application may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa40\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw5
\strokec2 Changes to This Privacy Policy\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\strokec2 \
Updates to this Privacy Policy may be made from time to time so you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa40\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw5
\strokec2 Contact Us\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\strokec2 \
If you have any questions or suggestions about this Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact the developer or GABC Missions office. }